It's already a known fact.
You're not so good at enhancing
your own power, Star.
New Order.
At first glance, it seems
like a Quirk with limitless abilities.
But there was a limit
to boosting its power.
No matter what rules I imposed on it,
nothing worked out.
People who knew me well would say,
"A Quirk is mostly
about what you possess inside.
I wonder if it's
because you're a girl, Cassie."
"Because you're a girl"?
That has nothing to do with it, Star.
That's just the nature of your Quirk.
Use us to make up for what you lack.
-That's how we support each other.
-Although you're more than strong enough,
you're disappointed because
you're comparing yourself to All Might.
But she's also the only one who has a shot
at getting close to his level.
They're both gorillas after all.
Hey, watch it!
Star.
Basically, we're telling you not to worry.
Those words that I hated...
They never once said them to me.
ORIGINAL STORY BY KOHEI HORIKOSHI
Star! Tiamat is headed our way!
The trajectory of the hypersonic missiles,
can you touch them?
Yes. But I have
to release the rule imposed on the laser.
Cover for me by launching a barrage.
The moment we let up,
he'll launch an attack.
She must be aware that these attacks
won't work on me.
She's preventing me from regenerating
by detaining me with this laser attack.
Basically, if she can't pulverize me
in a single blow, all of this is useless.
Ms. Star is aware of that.
She must be waiting for something.
It must be something with more firepower
than what she's using right now.
Okay, Star! We'll prevent
Tomura's hyper-regeneration
and use maximum firepower to strike him
without any hesitation!
It can't be... No... It's possible.
In that case...
Then this is the win or lose moment
for the both of us.
This is basically
a shitty game of push and pull.
Start counting!
Three, two,
One.
Before this blows off the lower half
of my arm...
New Order.
"Tiamat
will pivot!"
As long as I impose a rule on one missile...
Fire.
State-of-the-Art Hypersonic
Intercontinental Cruise Punch!
How did it go?
That's...
Did we get him?
I can control
my power of Decay.
I knew she had something up her sleeve.
I learned from our battle so far
that New Order can only impose a rule
on two targets at the same time.
If she was to impose a new rule,
the situation would have to change.
So, the moment that
the rules changed,
I used Decay to dive underground
and let her proceed
with her planned attack.
If I dove underground too early,
she would've changed her tactic.
I barely made it out alive.
I took a gamble!
If I hadn't used Nomu as a decoy,
and if I was even a second late,
it would've been fatal.
He used Nomu as a decoy.
You already knew that this was
a shitty game of push and pull.
If you weren't up against me,
you could've lived your life
without making excuses
for your weak offense!
Support Star! Return to formation!
Give her a place to land!
I won't let that happen!
Burst!
Give me your Quirk!
I will make better use of it!
Do it, Star! Crush this aircraft
together with Tomura!
The explosion of the aircraft
will blow him to pieces!
No, he's regenerating too fast.
Star!
In the first place, what I really dreaded
was the coalition
between New Order and One For All.
So I put a stop
to the Hero Public Safety Commission
and had my friends overseas
wreak bountiful havoc
so it would delay foreign heroes
from coming to Japan's aid.
My plan was to complete my new body,
steal One For All, and after that,
I was going to go up against you
to steal New Order.
One For All, the crystallization of power
that will bring everything to naught...
Once that is mine,
then all the coalitions in this world,
including New Order, would be like ants.
I'm not sure if you were aware of this,
but your independent decision to come here
created the worst possible scenario
for me.
I had to take a gamble
with this incomplete body of mine.
But this gamble...
I won this gamble, America!
Cathleen Bate will not decay!
She protected me...
You fool!
I completely agree!
It won't work.
It goes beyond the limit of my durability.
I can't stop the Decay.
It's mine!
Your body will decay
as your Quirk is drawn out.
Since New Order is a power
that activates by stating a rule,
you cannot simultaneously protect
your Quirk and your body.
You chose to protect yourself,
but you ended up losing both.
This is where it's all
going to begin, Yoichi.
Those comics that we read
together that day...
I knew that there was
more to those stories.
New Order!
I knew how the story would go,
and that's why I stopped reading it.
"The air..."
What's happening? Tomura is falling apart.
What's happening? My Quirks are exploding!
Don't tell me... Star...
Yes...
Blowing him up together with
the aircraft wouldn't have been enough,
so I imposed a new rule
right before Tomura Shigaraki caught me.
"New Order
will resist other Quirks!"
Cathleen Bate!
The worst-case scenario was to lose
my Quirk and die.
It would've been great
if I was able to come out of this alive,
but that was just a bonus.
If all it takes is my life
in exchange to stop
this evil being threatening the world,
it's a small price to pay.
Thank you everything, Bros.
Commander Agpar,
I'm sorry for always...
being so unreasonable.
Star!
My Quirks are resisting each other!
It's as if they're cannibals.
This is not good.
I can steal or give away Quirks,
but I can't discard them.
I have to give New Order to someone else.
The pilots! I'll give it to them!
Fire!
Bombard him!
Star is continuing her fight
inside of him!
My Reflect Quirk has been destroyed.
It's working! He's getting weaker!
Keep hitting him with the laser!
Don't let Star's sacrifice go to waste!
My Quirks are being destroyed
one after another...
by New Order!
Because...
you saved me back then...
I was able to bask in this lovely dream.
That's why,
All Might...
I am now
returning the favor.
This is not good. I need to hurry.
Dammit,
you specter of All Might!
Don't let him get away! Take him down!
I took the Wing Quirk from my lovely Nomu
before it exploded.
If I add power to these wings,
I can escape!
I have to find someone!
I have to pass New Order onto someone!
Otherwise, it will destroy me!
I have eight tufts of hair!
It's you once again.
No matter what, in the end,
it's always you,
All Might!
Dammit!
Star.
Starting today, you'll be working with me.
Let's risk our lives together, Brothers!
I am now returning the favor.
Star.
Star and Stripe.
You had already surpassed him.
You were always...
the most awesome hero.
There's nothing on TV.
None of the channels are working.
It can't be helped. The TV staff
all had to evacuate and take refuge.
The water and electricity still work here.
The distribution system is down,
but we still have the basics.
ROBBER AND MURDERER
KASHIKO KASHI
I finally got out of prison.
Only idiots would wreak havoc in the city.
The smarter ones start a second life
in the countryside.
What the hell?
-A hero... no, it doesn't seem like it...
-A ghost?
There's still a possibility...
The rule that Ms. Star
imposed on her Quirk
is most likely a rule that prevents
it from dwelling with other Quirks.
In that case,
I will steal a Quirk from this person,
make him Quirkless,
and give him New Order.
Then I can store it inside him!
Idiot.
New Order will repel other Quirks.
Thankfully, you possess lots of Quirks,
so New Order will also be repelled
and eventually disappear.
It's a shame I couldn't kill you,
but remember this, John Doe.
As long as people
continue saving each other,
someone who has inherited
the will of a hero
will without a doubt destroy you.
Whatever.
The one who survives the longest
is the winner.
Go away, you dead person.
Someone... who's a hero...
Midoriya.
After Shigaraki escaped,
a search was immediately launched.
All that was found
were signs of a struggle,
and nothing pointed
to Shigaraki's whereabouts.
The news about the death of America's
number one hero spread worldwide that day.
The fact that the strongest hero
of the current generation was defeated,
caused all countries to shrink in fear.
I'm not being dispatched?
We're abandoning Japan?
No, we're choosing not to abandon
our own country, Salaam.
The loss of heroes
leads to the destruction of a country.
Therefore, heroes are needed to protect
their own countries
instead of helping others
in faraway lands.
POLICE STATION
All countries immediately decided
to stop dispatching heroes.
Cassie...
I wanted to see you.
But Star's death will not go to waste.
The X-66 that we were riding
recorded footage of the battle
between Star and Tomura Shigaraki.
All his biological responses
during the battle
and Quirk analysis were recorded.
I'm sure you can get some clues
by researching this.
I'm confident all of you have already been
conducting research on that monster.
And the next day...
A delay?
We discovered this thanks to the footage
obtained from the American fighter jet.
Originally, Shigaraki's body
should've been completed by tomorrow.
But now, Shigaraki will be immobile
for at least a week.
It's the gift of time that Star and Stripe
left behind for us.
Star bought us time.
After Shigaraki stole New Order,
it corroded him like a poison.
How many Quirks he possesses is unclear,
but it's believed that a good number
of his Quirks have been destroyed.
-Then now is the...
-Best time to take him down.
That's right.
We will use this time wisely.
We will take down
Shigaraki and All For One.
While the work of evacuating civilians
is still ongoing,
remaining heroes are searching
for Shigaraki and the rest.
But what will All For One do now that
he has suffered a setback?
It's harder than ever to guess.
Whether we find him or not,
it will end in an all-out battle.
Although he may be immobile,
Tomura Shigaraki is still
a super strong villain.
And there's also the body of All For One.
Dabi, the madman, with flames
that rivals Endeavor.
The constant troublemaker, Himiko Toga.
The remaining six Near High-Ends.
The remnants of the Liberation Front.
And the escaped convicts
who continue to follow All For One
and wreak havoc.
-There must be more.
-Yes.
The number of them will only increase.
In contrast, we have lost many
who have been fighting at the frontline.
I will say this knowing
that Star just died in line of duty...
In order to protect yourselves
and everything you consider dear,
I want you all to use this time
we've been given to power up.
We've already been doing just that!
All Might, you weren't aware
because you left school with Deku.
Even when you're here,
you leave soon after.
Ever since the Gunga and Jaku incident,
we've continued to do what we can
and have trained hard with the Pussycats.
We will go with Midoriya.
We intend to fight
until we stop Shigaraki and the rest.
That's our intent!
Kacchan and the rest have offered to spar
with me in order to complete One For All...
I never said such a thing!
Did the prison escapees take your ears?
Why haven't you changed?
I want to test my new move Cluster
and see how well it works in a battle.
Fighting One For All will be one way
to gauge the fight against All For One.
You're right.
You can beat me up too!
You want your role to be
as the punching bag, huh?
I need to harden myself even more!
We have to carry on Star's mission!
My Star was...
She was everyone's Star.
Let's begin,
you zygotes!
They were like eggs back then,
but they have long since hatched.
They remain undaunted against storms.
And now, they are preparing
to spread their wings.
All For One, as I've said before,
you have made a foolish mistake.
Let me say it once again.
This class is very strong!
Preview of the next episode.
In preparation for the impending battle,
we are training to power up our Quirks.
But the villain's evil influence
had long since reached UA,
corroding it from within.
Just a single involvement
with the atrocity,
and there's no escape.
Next episode, "Villain."
The light of justice drowns in darkness.
Go beyond. Plus Ultra.
Subtitle translation by: Lili Morita